so we're here today checking out WWE
all-stars full game is with us and I am
playing it on this boomstick thing that
I've been sent as well so it's the
double whammy of coverage here so we're
gonna jump in these your exhibition
options you only really have five um but
that's good enough right so let's go to
stand it still won 3-1 I know pretty
boring but the people we can play with
that will change the way so let's see
you've got all these guys
thanks average Bret Hart Oh
Hogan fuck I'm going to be the no I
Triple H isn't a legend or whatever they
call you because I'd say pretty much is
going to do Triple H
bus is
ready now it up you follow me
on a go against on what I don't really
like preferably this guy
hopefully he gets beaten up all right
he's going to roll boys war people well
it used to be anyway then there to
change it then oh I do not why why why
do they need to tell ladies and
gentlemen people can just get only
the following contest is scheduled for
contest is scheduled for one fall yes it
is that's good to know
thanks for letting me know now for a
loading screen
you've expected water and then you can
come
please welcome to the arena weighing 250
can see the complexity in his chariot
music because of one
I don't mean watch wrestling even more I
watched WrestleMania every year and
that's about it
all right then oh yeah usually I would
skip these but for you guys you want to
watch him don't you
you're like huh better watch you and oh
Jesus
everyone see great mr. Hyde are you he's
actually Rey Mysterio jr. so um I prefer
his father figure I don't know is he
dead I'd no idea
Island
whew loading screens here and there to
load the loading screen is my hatred of
this game which I just
so this is showing off crowd-pleasing
and then they're gonna beat each other
up hit each other hurt each other
Oh No Oh idiot there's a lot of this
like punching into midair that I think
do
are we new
reverter wonder than reading to reverse
stuff which I find a problem
Oh
she moves like that in wrestling you
never know
please to that
yeah coming to school
yeah
reversal yeah Triple H Lisa what is it
everyone there so on
another coming
Jackie hey
nice this is running
oh good good little show guys how to do
a reverse
don't wanna pick them off the road
oh just punt we got anything work on
anyone
the difficulty is quite strange on this
I know it probably looks like I'm
trapped probably to be fair I am seems a
bit no like how do you get away with
doing that joke and now he's passive I
see
and your movie ko me
all right forgive me I don't know where
that
and it's going to punch my pricing which
is you know good enough
ah screaming
Oh his opponent a chance to hit it hit
him and then do they do whatever you
gonna do oh wow yeah yeah you trying to
get down right now I'm just gonna kick
him kick in are you warning hello
that was me closing on live television
not very cool we'll have more on
all-stars see what where I am I am awful
OD I don't know if I want to put this up
I'm gonna have to because it's going to
take anyway once you come